Create documentation for Areva_FCTF and displacement #30069 (#30217)
idaholab/moose: modules/subchannel/doc/content/modules/subchannel/v&v/areva_fctf.md

> # AREVA FCTF deformed duct Validation casen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AREVA FCTF deformed duct Validation case
```

# AREVA FCTF deformed duct Validation case

> *Contact: Vasileios Kyriakopoulos, vasileios.kyriakopoulos.at.inl.gov*

Reviewer 2: Do you want a contact? This is not the VTB

## Validation overview

> This work introduces SCM validation for the implemented capability to model flows within a deformed duct. The deformed geometry considered in this paper, has deformations of the kind that have been observed in LMFBR fuel assemblies. For this purpose, this work leverages experimental data produced in the context of the project: Thermal Hydraulic Computational Fluid Dynamics Simulations and Experimental Investigation of Deformed Fuel Assemblies [!citep](mays2017thermal). This project was a two-year collaboration between AREVA, TerraPower, Argonne National Laboratory (ANL) and Texas A\&M University (TAMU). Experiments were performed by AREVA and TAMU. Numerical simulations of these experiments were performed by TerraPower and ANL. The experimental data used in this work were produced during the second phase (objectives 2.3, 2.4) of the project:Non-Dilated/Dilated Duct Heated Bundle Experiment. The work presented here is a summary of the validation that is documented in [!citep](kyriakopoulos2024validation). For more details on the validation the reader is encouraged to access the cited document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This validation case showcases SCM validation for the implemented capability to model flows within a deformed duct. The deformed geometry considered in this paper has deformations of the kind that have been observed in LMFBR fuel assemblies. For this purpose, this work leverages experimental data produced in the context of the project: Thermal Hydraulic Computational Fluid Dynamics Simulations and Experimental Investigation of Deformed Fuel Assemblies [!citep](mays2017thermal). This project was a two-year collaboration between AREVA, TerraPower, Argonne National Laboratory (ANL) and Texas A\&M University (TAMU). Experiments were performed by AREVA and TAMU. Numerical simulations of these experiments were performed by TerraPower and ANL. The experimental data used in this work were produced during the second phase (objectives 2.3, 2.4) of the project: Non-Dilated/Dilated Duct Heated Bundle Experiment. The results presented here are a summary of the validation that is documented in [!citep](kyriakopoulos2024validation). For more details on the validation the reader is encouraged to access the cited document.
```
